All right, Crypto Talk and Blockchain
Walk with Adam.
>> Here we are once again.
>> You're you're episode five, by the way.
>> I'm lucky number five. It's actually my
favorite number.
>> Um because it comes after four and it's
right before six. So, it's kind of just
it's a great number if you think about
it.
>> At least it's not 67, right?
>> Yeah. Well, actually, I think 67 is
getting a bad rap.
>> Why is that?
>> Cuz uh what was it? 789 or something
like that. I don't know.
>> Yoda would say it was because 987
>> 98 Oh god. All right, I got to go. How
do I get this microphone off? This is
not working out. Well,
>> we are we are blessed today because we
have one of the MC's for Ethereum
Boulder
>> on the mic today. What was what was uh
your experience yesterday MCing? What
were the kind of talks that you were
dealing with?
>> Yeah. So, got there at the crack at
9:30. So, that was hard hard to get up
that early for that kind of stuff. Uh
just a big quick shout out to the
organizers,
Kim, Kevin, a whole bunch of other
folks. I think Ash was helping with a
whole bunch of folks on the team. So,
big shout out to all those guys. Uh, I
felt like I was very prepared for who I
was going to be introducing. They gave
me bios. I introduced them. I told some
jokes. Uh, pretty good attendees as
well. I mean, they have what other three
other event areas going on. So, I felt
like
>> four now.
>> Four. Yeah, that's right. Four other
event spots. And I think Etown was like
the main venue. And I feel like we had a
lot of people throughout the day there.
So, it was it was good. Um, as for the
talks, it's exactly what you think it
was about, public goods funding.
What else can I say?
>> Um, so this is an interesting event. Uh,
it's very intimate, which I think I can
appreciate. From your perspective, what
is has Ethereum Boulder been like? What
have the kind of conversations that have
been bolstered like? What do you think
the vibe is from all the other
attendees?
>> Yeah. Uh I so okay most of the folks
I've talked to are I would say 50% are
from Boulder which makes total sense and
that's something I didn't even really
realize. Like I knew there was like a
community here because Kevin just shills
Boulder all the time. He won't stop
talking about Boulder, Colorado. But I
get it now. I get it. I got to I got to
meet some of these folks that are from
the area. Uh, I've been kind of telling
people, I'm actually about to tweet it
out or expost it out, whatever you want
to say, that I'm getting like strong
2017, 2018 crypto vibes, like
>> for crypto, not AI.
>> Not no nothing. Not even like I mean,
yeah, everyone's talking about agents,
like agents here, agents there, agents
everywhere. And I get that. That's
that's obviously a hot topic of
conversation. But like just like the
people that are here, they're like true
OGs in the space, I feel.
>> And the conversations I've been had with
them, um, 90% of them are going over my
head. So, I know I'm in the right spot.
>> Awesome. Yeah. I love being the dumbest
guy at the table.
>> Yeah. I'm like I'm like, "Uh, what are
you saying?" But this is super
interesting. Can you just like send me
the details? I'll read it later. So,
yeah, it's been I'm getting strong like
OG 2017, 2018 kind of vibes, which I
which I appreciate. I feel like there's
not many kind of crypto events that have
that anymore, right?
>> So, I appreciate that we're kind of
almost getting back to the roots, if you
will.
>> So, you were spending a bunch of time in
Cosmos land for a while there.
>> Oh, don't remind me. No, no, I'm
kidding. I'm kidding.
>> What was kind of like what drew you
there and what's kind of peing your
interest in Ethereum now?
>> Um, well, I mean, I got my start at
Consensus way back in late 2017. So,
>> shout out Joe. Yeah, big uncle Uncle
Joe. Still following me on on X, which
is pretty sick.
>> Um, so I got my start in like crypto
there. So Ethereum is where I kind of
like I don't know planted my roots and
when I joined the kind of Cosmos
ecosystem it was for a project that's
like decentralized infrastructure like
decentralized cloud compute
>> and so it's not even necessarily that I
joined like the Cosmos ecosystem I just
believed in like the project that we
needed it because like
>> what was it I think like we were saying
like 70% of like Ethereum nodes are on
AWS or 80% at the time and now I think
it's not that anymore. I don't know what
the latest numbers are. And I was like,
well, if we're building like a
decentralized internet, if we're going
to be Pi Piper, we need to we need to
make it decentralized, right? So, I
thought like a project like this that
would decentralize the infrastructure
was important. So, it's not even
necessarily that I joined the Cosmos
like space. It's that I thought the
project was interesting.
>> You were kind of like first principles
driven.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Oh god, you said it. That's
one of the So, sidebar, I don't know if
this is going to make it in the pod
here, but it's definitely going sidebar.
Uh, I did my my predictions post, like
2026 predictions post. I said, "Here are
the five."
>> You were bold enough.
>> Yeah. Oh, I was bold. I was one of the
bold people. Not many people did it, but
you know, I'm I'm willing to go on a
limb.
>> I'm more of a year in review kind of
guy.
>> Oh, year in review. That's easy. That's
looking back. I can open a history book
for that. But, uh, so one of the one of
the posts in there was like, "Here are
the top five overused words of the
year." And First Principles was on it.
And you just walked RIGHT INTO MY TRAP,
FRIEND. SO, first principles, but no,
no, you you make a good point that
cancel me.
>> Yeah, you you are done. You're out.
Goodbye. Adios. No. Uh, yeah. So, that's
kind of why I joined that project more
than like it was Cosmos. I did I did
love the Cosmos technology stack. I was
like, "Oh, I like the idea of everyone's
kind of their own, you know, L1 is
plugin and and kind of connect to the
hub and they all like are interconnected
that way." So, I kind of liked that, but
that's not why I joined necessarily. I I
almost learned that after the fact. I
think a lot of people just praise the
Cosmos SDK in general. It's like solid
tech.
>> Yes. Exactly. Exactly.
>> Awesome. So, all right. You you went in
for something that you saw you saw a
clear need for. I think one of the
things that stuck out from the
conversations that we've had is your
predominant focus on community.
>> And when I ask what you do, you're like
community, community, community. So,
what does that mean? Like community is
one of those words that's just thrown
around so much. It's overused. No one
knows what it is. It's kind of like
porn. You don't know what its definition
is, but you know when you see it. So,
like what is community to you? How do
you leverage this to do the work that
you've been doing for the past decade?
>> Yeah. Uh well, I mean, when I when I
kind of got into the I guess the
community profession,
um I didn't know anything about
community. I was just like helping with
like field marketing and like connecting
with people in person. I was like, "Oh,
I kind of like talking to people. I'm an
only child. I can do this more often. I
was lonely growing up. I need to connect
with some folks. Um, but as I kind of
remained in the kind of that space, um,
I just picked up new tools and learnings
and one of my favorite kind of I guess
mentors who doesn't realize he's a
mentor of mine is this guy named David
Spinx. He, um, started this kind of
community of community managers called
CMX. Ended up selling it off, made a
bunch of money, good for him, to this
company called Bevy. That's a whole
another thing. But, um, I just kind of
learned a lot of stuff throughout the
decade that I've been doing this. And
for me, like a community really isn't a
community until it can self-organize and
self-manage. And I feel like basically
what I try to do at the end of the day
is like get the ball rolling. Uh get
people into a room, get like-minded
individuals that are passionate about,
you know, whatever it is that they're
passionate about to connect with one
another.
>> And then my role is just to kind of like
enable them like enable them to start
hosting their own events, enable them to
share ideas, enable them to do different
things that are all, you know, community
driven. So, that's kind of like the high
level of how I do it. I'm not going to
tell you the secret sauce because that's
like you're going to have to pay me for
that. That's why you're not getting that
for free, brother.
>> My I guess my real question is is
because a lot of times when I see
community, I'm thinking like Telegram
channels or Discord servers or like a
Twitter presence or running a Twitter
account for a DAP or a project. So, like
is community a meld of online and
offline or is it more offline which is
basically what you were just talking
about?
>> Yeah. Yeah, totally. I mean, it's
definitely a meld. Um
the goal is you I mean the easy it's
pretty it's easier now than ever like I
mean it's been easier now than ever to
start a community just like start up you
know a Discord channel uh put in some
different channels in there saying like
announcements and guides and rules and
posts and share content share ideas
whatever and then people will start to
eventually join and as you start to get
some of these people you'll notice where
they are around the world and you're
like oh I'm noticing a bunch of people
from De Moine Iowa that are really
interested fit in uh I don't know
fountains uh on as they go on walks with
folks with cameras pointed at their face
and I'm just trying I live my life
>> crypto crypto crypto talks and
blockchain walks.
>> Yeah, crypto talks and blockchain.
Exactly. Um and then yeah, you you
slowly start to kind of like build up
this audience and then you eventually
you do want to meet in person cuz that's
like I feel like once you get to meet
with someone in real life, it just like
makes it stickier. Um, so yeah, I mean
you can do it both ways, but I I
definitely prefer IRL than just online.
On online, I mean, everyone lives online
now, so it's like any reason to get out
of the house and go on a beautiful walk
in Boulder is always a good idea.
>> Totally.
>> Yeah.
>> So, what's next then? What are you What
are you keeping your eye out for next?
What's next on your road map?
>> Yeah, for sure. Well, I have a year and
a halfyear-old, so I'm just going to try
to make sure that that little guy can
survive and I feed him when he needs to
be fed and sleep when he needs to sleep.
Uh my wife works in crypto so uh I'm
just always going to remain involved in
the space. Um I like where cryptos, you
know, I like this kind of almost
uncharted territory almost cryptos in
right now. Uh I feel like there's a lot
of potential for,
you know, new ideas to kind of spring up
because I feel like a lot of the tension
has just been on like the Tradfi side of
crypto right now.
>> Totally. and events like East Boulder
here. It's it kind of gets back to the
beginning of the conversation like back
to my roots or back to the roots of
crypto. And that's kind of what got me
interested in in and motivated to kind
of get in the space in the first place.
So, as for the future, I don't have I
don't have a magic eightball. Do you
have a magic a shake and I'll tell you
right now, so who knows, but uh but
yeah, I'm excited about where the space
is right now and we'll see where it
goes.
>> Awesome. What's the best way that people
can find you and keep up to date with
what you're doing? Well, my address is 1
2 3 4 5 and your social security number
road in address Pennsylvania.
>> All right. How about your your X handle
there?
>> Oh, we'll do that. So, pretty
straightforward. Just my full name, Adam
Dean Wny. Pretty straightforward.
>> Awesome.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, what's uh a final parting word
that you have for the fine folks of
crypto Twitter and the Dennisins of our
online worlds?
>> Well, uh don't take private keys from
strangers. Awesome. I think on that
we'll call it.
>> Sounds good.
>> I appreciate you.
>> Appreciate you too, dude.